Now, that you've learned about the structure of an automatic captioning system,
your next task will be to apply what you've
learned to build and train your own captioning network.
You'll be provided with some data pre-processing steps,
and your main tasks will be about deciding how to train the RNN portion of the model.
Keep in mind the type and shape of the input that each LSTM cell expect to see,
and what shape the output takes,
and use that information to inform your decisions about optimization and hyperparameters.
We also encourage you to look at and learn from existing academic papers on this subject.
This project should really give you a chance to demonstrate
your knowledge of deep learning architectures. So good luck.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6